to fill up on carbohydrates and
goodness today I thought of suggesting you a
irresistible delicacy of the beautiful
pagnottelle with scented potatoes al
rosemary
at first glance they might seem like gods
simple parini but already after the first one
bite you will discover the true e
the potato is its delicacy
protagonist ingredient of this
recipe in addition to making a lot more
soft the bread will exalt the taste for
get some wonderful firsts
rustic we discover dose together
ingredients to prepare 4 balls per
potatoes are required 250 g of flour
manitoba 13 grams of brewer's yeast
an average potato about 130 grams 5
grams of granulated sugar 2 tbsp
of extra virgin olive oil then again
4 grams of salt up to a tablespoon of
rosemary and then to finish clearly
enough water
we are about 140 mm now that
we have dissolved the yeast we can
then proceed with the dough
we crush the potatoes with ours
close here it is the potatoes mi
I recommend they must still be hot
rather hot because in short
otherwise the potato will make lumps
very well and now add the salt then
still the rosemary and a little we keep them
aside because we will spread it over the
our loaves mix like this
mix all the ingredients a little
ingredients we pour the water and the
yeast with sugar
we mix and add the oil too
I advise you to always keep by
in short, some flour by chance
we needed it now we knead
here we got a nice one
dough ball and now let's move on
one after the other with flour
we also sport the knife with the
now we have four pieces of flour
perfect
in fact I am rather regular and
now every bit we make one
so a simple and then the audience
let's rise on the rope pitch
clearly lined with wax paper
we have placed our balls of
well spaced dough on the cards e
now we let them rise about
an hour and an hour and a half until
when they become beautiful chubby
spent about an hour ours
loaves are already ready for it as
do you have to take a little air out
then we go gently with our hands
to crush them slowly so we do
the same operation in all perfect
not too not so flattened and
overly these my sandwiches
require a double leavening
so they are practically ready from
cook in his own with a knife
let's go to make some lines for
give the shape of a turtle
then clearly you can have fun giving
the shape you like best
and now some rosemary over me
I recommend you already turn the oven on at 190
degrees so that when you go to
bake already knows how nice it is
perfect then 190 degrees for about 15
minutes
this rustic bread with hyper potatoes
soft and ideal to surprise
your guests in the middle of a dinner
important maybe with meat or
better still than the goulash or
normal stew or these
loaves are ideal to be
stuffed
of the raw and rocket or simply
with grilled vegetables with tofu
for a vegan dive